# Suggesting-Therapists-for-Asian-Patients
This Project is being mentored by Dr. Kalyan Kalwa who is the founder of Health Innovators which is a digital health incubator. The primary mission of this project is to provide the data which can help in finding the best possible mental health treatment for the Asian community especially women who are suffering from anxiety and other behavioural disorders because of the stress and many other factors in our daily life. The data concerned consists of information regarding Asian therapists. 
1.1 Data Collection  Scraped mainly websites like Psychology Today.com which helped in providing the necessary information regarding the Asian therapists.  Scraped the following details from each profile URL: Name, Address, Additional Address, telephone, Specialties, Years in practice, Client focus, Client focus (Special cases), License number and State and Insurance accepted by the Therapists. Note that the profile of each Asian Therapist present in each state in the USA was scraped in the above manner.  Total of approximately 3000 Profile URLs approximately from the websites were found and accordingly the data as per requirement and understanding was gathered. 
 
1.2 Data Pre-processing  Removed rows with missing information.  Transformed the missing values in the columns into a non-null value in order to remove any complications while training and testing of the data   Filtered the data based on requirement and necessity.   Standardized Naming Convention.  
 
 
1.3 Methodology 
 Based on the data present, we further filtered the data frame in order to find out some logical pattern with the help of which we can provide a much clear insight of the data gathered.  Using the areas of expertise mentioned about the Asian Therapists and also the special cases of their client focus, we predicted whether the therapist will treat a patient who has cancer or not. Note that we extracted the value related to “cancer” from the special cases column and represented them numerically and then calculated the accuracy of the prediction using two Machine learning algorithms.  Also using the data, we have managed to find out the top or rather the most common specialties of the Asian therapists in each state. 

# NOTE : The scraping folder was having some uploading problems because of size. Will be uploaded further.
